Title: Aidan Lamkin Blackjack Game

Problem Description: My project allows the user to play against the computer in a game of blackjack. The player can play
    for as many rounds as they would like or until they run out of chips to bet. The player can also bet chips every
    round and is a good measurement on how the player did while playing the game. This game of blackjack is played with
    one deck of cards that is reset after every round.

Program Documentation: The user has to input their desired move, how much they would like to bet, and whether or not
    they would like to play another round or quit. Every time a user is prompted to enter an answer, you either type out
    your next move (play, hit, stay, doubledown,  etc.) or you enter a number for an ace value or bet value. If an invalid input is
    given the user will be prompted again and the previous input will not impact the game. All inputs are not case
    sensitive.

Tests: 1. If user inputs hat instead of hit for next move, the user will be prompted again
       2. If user enters the value of an ace to be 2, the user will be prompted again
       3. If user enters 5 chips for current bet but they only have 3, they will be prompted again
       4. If user enters -3 chips for bet, they will be prompted again
       5. If user wishes to doubledown but does not have enough chips to do so, they will be denied and asked to enter
       their next move
       6. If user inputs 4 when wanting to play next round, they will be prompted again
       7. If user inputs they want to split but does not have enough chips to do so, they will be denied and the game
       will continue with one hand

Reflections: This project has taught me the importance of ordering code and functions properly and to add one feature
    at a time when making larger projects. I would find that after I had a basic blackjack game setup without betting
    or splitting, I had to pay very close attention to how I implemented those features to work with every possible
    player choice and every game outcome.